Get out get out
Oops, just made trouble in my store
The store manager hit me, you see it's all red
Are you the one who dared to hit me?
Your clerk looks down on people
I've never seen such a business before
Then what are you doing here?
What else can I do in a clothing store?
Mainly, what we buy in our store are high-end goods.
Some customers just don't buy it.
And got my clothes dirty
Who said I don't buy it?
Just you.
A poor sour taste
Can you afford it?
Don't say that.
What if he can afford it?
Does the customer have a God?
Madam, please pad it.
Madam, let me remind you again.
Our store buys high-end goods.
If you just watch it and don't buy it
If it gets dirty or damaged
But you have to compensate according to the price.
Your clerk told me just now.
You don't have to repeat
Then please be patient.
Hey, I said when you choose clothes
Also take a look at the tag
So as not to waste everyone's time, that's it
OK
35,000 in total, or cash?
Yo
No money?